Ah-hyuck!
♪ H-h-h-hit it ♪
♪ Like father, like son ♪
♪ You're always number one ♪
-Yes!
♪ There's buddies, there's pals ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ You always seem
To work things out ♪
♪ Can't you see
You're two of a kind ♪
♪ Lookin' for a real good time ♪
♪ A real good time ♪
Aah!
♪ Report to the Goof Troop ♪
♪ And we'll always stick together ♪
♪ Always stick together ♪
♪ We're the Goof Troop ♪
♪ The best of friends forever ♪
♪ Side by side wherever we go ♪
♪ We're always ready to roll ♪
♪ Now gimme a beat ♪
♪ We're the Goof Troop ♪
♪ And we always stick together ♪
Gawrsh!
♪ We're the Goof Troop ♪
♪ The best of friends forever ♪
♪ Now we're calling everyone ♪
♪ Come along and join the fun ♪
♪ Report to the Goof Troop ♪
♪ Baa ba doo da bop baa ba doo bop ♪
Yeah!
[whistle blows]
[Pete] Yeah, yeah. Go! Go! Go! Go!
I can't stand it!
Tackle 'im!
Get 'im, ya spuds!
Dog pile! Yaa-hoo!
Is he ever going to
speak to us again, Mommy?
Oh, don't worry, baby.
This is the last game
of the season.
As soon as it's over,
he's all ours,
whether he likes it or not.
Ah, come on, mom.
He doesn't
even know we're alive
if the football game's on.
Don't be silly, PJ.
We're always on
your father's mind.
Peg! Where are my
wiener doodle cheese melts?
See?
So what kind of
a weak-kneed, slack-bellied,
snack-slobbering man are you?
Sitting around getting fat
while the world
passes you by?
Oh, mama! Not you again!
You're nothing
without a sports car
from Tan Roadster.
A muscle machine
for a muscle man.
Right, girls?
You're always right, Tan.
Here you go, baby fat.
[gobbling]
[slurp]
Ahhh. Here.
Uhh! Excuse me.
I can't recall hearing
any expression of gratitude.
[burp]
I'm sorry.
A belch won't do.
Ooh-ahhh.
Well, I suppose that's
better than being ignored.
Oh, honey, those were
the best doodles I...
Move! Out of the way!
Well, since it's
the last game,
I'll let him live.
C'mon, c'mon! C'mon! Yes!
Touchdown!
Whooooh! We won!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
What the... Peg!
There someone at the door.
Oh, drat. I've got to do
everything around here.
Ah-hyuck. Hiya, Petey.
We ain't buying nothin'
from nobody, see?
Not a very warm reception.
You can say
that again.
Hey, what's the big idea?
I can't see! See?
Peter, dear, you promised
that after the last
football game of the season,
you'd take us all
to mount ladle
for fun and sun in the snow.
[Pistol] We have killer snowballs,
and we're not afraid to use 'em.
Aw, but... but
the instant replays,
the pre-post game, the post-pre game,
the wrap-ups,
America's favorite
sports injuries...
Hoo! Aah! Hey!
Aah! No fair!
Awk! Hey!
I have a good idea!
Why don't we
go to Mount Ladle?
-Hey!
-Yay!
Pete! Doll!
I'm trying to get out of...
I'm stuck!
I'm not buying it,
sugar buns.
Wha-wha-whaddaya
gonna do?
Uh, Peg?
Mousse pie, wait!
Stop! Ow!
[straining] Uhh!
Oow! Oow! Oow!
Whaaaa!
Ah!
Aah!
[Pete shouting]
Help! No! Stop!
Whaa! Hah! Ow!
What are you trying to...
I just don't know how
I could get stuck here.
I've been betrayed
by my favorite recliner.
I think it was
those last wiener doodles
that betrayed you,
love handles.
And that tub of pork rinds.
Yeah. And that 12-pack
of burritos.
And jalapeño fudge sundaes
and double-dipped
chocolate pig's feet
and whipped cream nachos.
And brown sugar blintzes
and French-fried
Swedish meatballs
and pork tartare
and Vienna sausage...
All right, all right!
Thanks for sharing.
A football fan's gotta keep
his strength up, you know.
Gawrsh, Pete,
it sounds to me
like you might've
put on a ton or two.
Are you crazy? I...
[stomach rumbles]
Little old me?
Why, it's all muscle.
I ain't fat.
I'm just big-boned.
Yes. Especially your head.
All right,
now stop talking crazy.
Get me out of this
man-eating chair.
My sitter's getting numb.
Ah-hyuck! Numb or not,
it's hangin' on
to that there chair
like a tow truck
to a bumper.
Now that gives me an idea.
[Goofy] Okey-doke, Peg!
We're all set out here!
Thank you, Goofy!
Wait till I give the word!
All set, Mrs. P.
Yeah. This is a great idea, mom.
Um, pumpkin,
it's only my personal
opinion, you understand,
but I don't think
this is gonna work.
Oh, stop it, Peter.
That kind of negative attitude
never accomplishes anything.
All right.
Then I'm positive
this isn't gonna work.
Ha ha ha!
You're incorrigible!
Now suck in
your back pockets
and get ready.
Can I tell Mr. G., Mama?
Please, can I?
Please, please, Mama, Mama?
Of course you can, sweetheart.
Peg, ha ha.
Can't we talk this over?
OK, Mr. G., take it away!
Oh, why didn't we think
of this right away?
[chuckling]
Ow! Yeow! Aah!
Help! Leggo! Stop!
You know,
Pete might've been right.
[Peg] Pete, I think you really
have got to lose some weight.
[Pete] Don't be silly.
That chair was defective.
You must have gotten it
at the same place
you got this RV.
Don't be ridiculous!
Well, here we are.
Now what?
Now we have some fun!
Right, kids?
-Awesome!
-All right!
-I'm gonna ski!
-I'm gonna skate!
[PJ] All right!
[sniffing] Hmm.
Smells like they're
cooking up something good
at the lodge.
Pete! We didn't
come here to eat!
Speak for yourself,
egg roll. Ha ha ha!
Goofy, I'm worried.
That man has got
to get some exercise.
-He's too fat!
-Relax, Peg.
When he sees
how much fun I'm havin',
he'll fall over himself
to join me. Ah-hyuck!
Oh, I wish he'd phrased
that differently.
[Pete humming]
Hmm. This wasn't such
a bad idea after all.
Ahem!
Excusez mio.
Hey! Mind giving me
some elbow room?
-Ugh!
-Ohh!
Mmm! Well! Ahh!
If anyone wants
quality time,
I'll be taking a nap
in the old RV.
[sputtering]
Tan Roadster!
Well, well, well.
If it ain't my old buddy Pete.
How are the RVs doing, huh?
Ha ha ha!
Oh, man, can you
still fit in one?
Ha! That's cute.
How are your little
go-carts, Tan?
Don't they crush under the weight
of your inflated ego?
At least I won't be
harpooned by accident.
If I didn't have
my good socks on right now,
I'd punch your lights out!
Ow!
Fat chance, Pete.
[Tan laughing]
Oh, yes.
Yeow!
What a firecracker!
Button your lip, Romeo,
or I'll blow up
in your face!
Baby, you are my kind of woman.
Hey! Leave my wife alone!
Your wife? What can
this woman see in you
besides way too much Pete?
There is a lot of him,
but he's all mine.
She knows a real man
when she sees one.
Then she should come
to the Mount Ladle Winter Games
and see me in action.
The only reason she'd do that
would be to see yours truly
make you look like a spud.
Pete.
It's a deal.
We'll see who she's
impressed with
after we comPete
in the games, buddy.
You got it... ow!
I said you needed exercise,
but the winter games?
Wow, Petey! This is gonna
be something to see!
Yeah.
[Pete] What have I done?
Don't worry, sugarplum.
I'm putting you on a diet.
What?
You want to win the winter
games, don't you?
But, sugar cookie,
Petey's hungry.
Then get out of the kitchen
and find something
to keep busy.
Hmm...
This oughta keep me busy.
"To my sweet, sassy Peg,
love Tan,
your lean,
muscular millionaire.
[growling]
I gotta get my mind
off of food.
Maybe some TV will help.
Uh...
I better sit down.
I gotta get outta here!
[panting]
Peg, have I lost
any weight yet?
Uh...
You've gained 1 ounce.
Gained?
Well, pudding pop,
you've only been on the diet
for two minutes.
2 1/2.
If you want to lose weight,
try getting a little exercise.
Just do it.
What's this, Daddy?
Aah!
Oh, I'm so happy, Goofy.
Now if I can just keep Pete mad enough
at that roadster creep
to do himself some good.
Shh! Here he comes.
[humming]
Oh, hiya, Petey.
You're doin' swell.
Yeah, sure.
Oh, hello, Peter.
I'm gonna whip
Tan's money-coated hide!
[Peg] Ha ha ha! Oh, Petey.
Tan can't buy my heart
with chocolates and roses.
Hee hee hee! Well,
of course he can't.
However, a convertible
in candy apple red...
Goof, you gotta help me.
I gotta lose weight,
or I'll lose the Mount Ladle
Winter Games
and I'll lose my wife!
All right. Ah-hyuck!
I got me a plan.
[Pete] Okay, we're at the gym.
So what's your plan?
Hyuck! It's all
right in here...
My how-to book of fitness.
[sigh] I must be
Goofier than he is.
[Narrator] Jumping rope is
the perfect warmup exercise
and leads to excellent
cardiovascular fitness.
Hey! Ah-hyuck!
Once you get the hang of it,
some fancy footwork
can make it fun.
Hmmph!
Okey-doke.
Ah-hyuck!
[humming]
Yee-haw!
Gawrsh, Pete.
Fitness is fun!
Ah-hyuck!
Ah, weight training.
To achieve
an effective workout,
place the weight pin
under the desired weight.
[groaning]
Be careful
to release the weight...
Slowly.
Huh?
Never mind.
The trampoline,
a fitness favorite.
For the beginner,
it's best to start slowly
and work up
to a stronger bounce.
I really hate this.
Treadmills,
once considered
the most tedious
of exercise devices,
they are now
state-of-the-art fun.
Oh, give me a break.
You gotta see it.
It's got itself
a movie screen.
Gawrsh, Pete.
Maybe you better
not push yourself.
You look tired.
Tired? I'm not tired!
Are you tired?
Well, not...
Then I'm not tired!
Looky, Pete. It gives
you the delusion
of running
on a country road.
Swell.
[panting]
Huh?
Hey, Blimpo!
Catch me if you can!
Ohh! [panting]
Wait'll I get my mitts
on you, you...
Pete, slow down!
I gotcha now!
Pete,
save some energy for...
Ooh!
Aah!
[Goofy] Lunch.
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the first event
of the Mount Ladle
Winter Games...
the dog sled race!
Heh heh heh.
Give it up, tubby.
Dream on, spud.
On your marks...
Get set...
Come on, Daddy, Daddy!
You can do it!
Doesn't look like your dad's
going anywhere.
Don't give up
on Pete just yet.
Peg's got a secret weapon.
Mush, you
flea-bitten v-8, mush!
Whoa, boy, steady!
What?
Allow me, my dear.
Thank you, Mr. Roadster,
for letting my husband win.
Uh, don't mention...
What?
Gangway!
[arf arf]
Get goin', bone-breath!
[cheering]
Now for Mount Ladle's
most popular event,
ice dancing!
Ooh! Ooh!
Honey, careful!
Whoa!
Think positive, Pete.
At least the ice
isn't breaking.
Yeah. Whoa!
Ahem.
May I cut in?
Ya sneaky little...
Whoa!
Ha ha ha! Finally,
we are together.
Yes... you, me, and
your idiotic delusions.
Don't fight it.
What are you
gonna do now, Pete?
It's what you're gonna do
that counts, Goofster!
Aah!
I love you.
Oh, kiss me.
Hey, watch out!
Passionate, ain't he?
And what winter games
would be complete
without an ice hockey match?
Well, contestant number 1
is obviously ready
for the slapshot portion
of our
friendly competition.
Oh, I'm ready, all right.
Heh heh heh!
But where's number 2?
Ah, here he comes.
Why, Peter,
you're doing wonderfully.
You'll show that showoff
what you're made of.
Whatever he's made of
sure is heavy.
I don't like this.
Oh, don't be silly, Pete.
All you've got to do
is keep the round things
out of the net.
That's all?
Sure, Petey!
It'll be a cincheruno!
Yeah.
Oh, Pete,
I'm so proud of you.
Maybe this isn't
gonna be so bad.
Good luck, Petey!
Whoa!
Ready or not,
here they come!
Ooh... mama.
Ooh! Ow! Stop!
Cease fire!
I told you
I could do it, mommy.
Finally, the giant slalom!
Our two finalists face
a dangerous challenge.
One false move,
and it's a 1,200-foot drop
off the north face.
I'll be waiting for you
at the finish line.
[both] All right.
[both growling]
After you.
No way. You first.
Oh, I insist
you proceed me.
No, no. You go first.
Ho hum. All right.
Yaah!
Ooh. That musta hurt.
Some guys never listen.
Skiers, take your marks...
And go!
Come on, slow poke!
Hey, watch it!
Take it easy, will ya?
Ha ha ha ha ha! Oh, yeah.
Whew!
Whoa!
Petey-boy,
you are a piece of...
Aah!
He's gonna
ski off the cliff!
I'm too good-looking to die!
No, no, no!
Oh, Tan, honey, that big RV
salesman saved your life.
That-a-boy, Petey!
Way to go, Pop!
Oh, sugar-pie,
are you okay?
Okay, I've
learned my lesson, Pete.
You can't have
too much of a good thing.
You know, Peg, you've got
a good man there.
True.
And he's got a good woman.
W-W-Well... I guess I
sh-sh-showed that guy
what I was made of.
And I guess it showed you
how important exercise is
to keep a marriage together.
Oh, exercise, schmexercise.
All it does is make you smell bad.
I don't need it.
Oh, well.
Come in the kitchen.
Dinner's ready.
Yummy! I'm starved!
Oh, no. I'm stuck.
Help! Peg!
Lemme outta here!
Help!
Peg!
[sobbing] Get me outta here!
♪ Gimme a beat ♪
Yeah!